Added  a note to ignore  DANDI.NO_DANDISET_FOUND  error for final validation before organize (#79)
dandi/handbook: docs/13_upload.md

    If the report is too large to efficiently navigate in your console, you can save a report using

            nwbinspector <source_folder> --config dandi --report-file-path <report_location>.txt

    4. Once your files are confirmed to adhere to the Best Practices, perform an official validation of the NWB files by running: `dandi validate --ignore DANDI.NO_DANDISET_FOUND <source_folder>`.
        **If you are having trouble with validation, make sure the conversions were run with the most recent version of `dandi`, `PyNWB` and `MatNWB`.**

>     5. Prepare and fully validate now a dataset folder for upload:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    5. Now, prepare and fully validate again within the dandiset folder used for upload:
```

            dandi download https://dandiarchive.org/dandiset/<dataset_id>/draft
            cd <dataset_id>
            dandi organize <source_folder> -f dry
            dandi organize <source_folder>
            dandi validate .
            dandi upload

    For upload to the development server, specify that explicitly via `-i` option, e.g.
    `dandi upload -i dandi-staging`.

>     Also note that validation is also done during `upload`, but ensuring compliance using `validate` prior upload helps to avoid errors during possibly lengthy upload process due to failing validation.

Reviewer: Good explanation 👍
